README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/font-optimization) to automatically optimize and load Inter, a custom Google Font.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

Commit message:

feat: add license file and update readme

README.md, after:

Sure, based on the information you provided, here's a possible README file for the repository using markdown syntax:

# Simple Store JS Tests

A simple store application to apply the lessons of the JS Tests course.

## Getting Started

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [create-next-app](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

To run the development server, you can use one of the following commands:

    npm run dev# oryarn dev# orpnpm dev

Then, open <http://localhost:3000> with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [next/font](https://github.com/vercel/next-plugins/tree/master/packages/next-font) to automatically optimize and load [Inter](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Inter), a custom Google Font.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

*   [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
*   [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.
*   [Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

## License

This project is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE).
